doc(kic) add GWAPI redirect instructions (#6335)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/_src/kic-v2/guides/configuring-https-redirect.md

{{ the_code | indent }}

    The results should look like this:

    {% capture the_code %}
{% navtabs codeblock %}
{% navtab Ingress %}
```text
ingress.networking.k8s.io/echo annotated
```
{% endnavtab %}
{% navtab Gateway APIs %}
```text
httproute.gateway.networking.k8s.io/echo annotated
```
{% endnavtab %}
{% endnavtabs %}
{% endcapture %}
{{ the_code | indent }}

1. Configure the status code used to redirect in the `konghq.com/https-redirect-status-code`` annotation. 
   {% capture the_code %}
{% navtabs codeblock %}
{% navtab Ingress %}

```bash
kubectl annotate ingress echo konghq.com/https-redirect-status-code="301"
```
{% endnavtab %}
{% navtab Gateway APIs %}

```bash
kubectl annotate httproute echo konghq.com/https-redirect-status-code="301"
```
{% endnavtab %}
{% endnavtabs %}
{% endcapture %}
{{ the_code | indent }}

   The results should look like this:

   {% capture the_code %}
{% navtabs codeblock %}
{% navtab Ingress %}
```text
ingress.networking.k8s.io/echo annotated
```
{% endnavtab %}
{% navtab Gateway APIs %}
```text
httproute.gateway.networking.k8s.io/echo annotated
```
{% endnavtab %}
{% endnavtabs %}
{% endcapture %}
{{ the_code | indent }}

> > **Note**: The GatewayAPI _does not_ use an [HTTPRequestRedirectFilter](https://gateway-api.sigs.k8s.io/references/spec/#gateway.networking.k8s.io/v1.HTTPRequestRedirectFilter)
> to configure the redirect. Using the filter to redirect HTTP to HTTPS requires
> a separate HTTPRoute to handle redirected HTTPS traffic, which does not mesh
> well with Kong's single route redirect model.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note**: The GatewayAPI _does not_ use a [HTTPRequestRedirectFilter](https://gateway-api.sigs.k8s.io/references/spec/#gateway.networking.k8s.io/v1.HTTPRequestRedirectFilter)
to configure the redirect. Using the filter to redirect HTTP to HTTPS requires
a separate HTTPRoute to handle redirected HTTPS traffic, which does not align
well with Kong's single route redirect model.
```

Work to support the standard filter-based configuration is ongoing. Until then,
the annotations allow you to configure HTTPS-only HTTPRoutes.

## Test the configuration

With the redirect configuration in place, HTTP requests now receive a
redirect rather than being proxied upstream:
1. Send a HTTP request.
    ```bash

>     curl -ksvo /dev/null http://kong.example/echo --resolve kong.example:80:$PROXY_IP 2>&1 | grep -i http

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    curl -ksvo /dev/null -H 'Host: kong.example' $PROXY_IP/echo 2>&1 | grep -i http
```
